Voice Recorder Plus Pictures 2 Free Mobile Application Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 16, 2019.

Your privacy is important to Beau Software Ltd. (“Company”). This Privacy Policy explains how Company collects, uses, discloses and retains personal information, including personal information collected by Company through its Voice Recorder Plus Pictures 2 Free Mobile Application (the “Mobile App”) and when providing services in connection with the Mobile App.
1.	Personal Information
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual (e.g. an individual’s name, postal address, telephone number and email address) but does not include (to the extent permitted by law) information that is publicly available in a telephone directory or that is business contact information that enables an individual to be contacted at a place of business.
2.	Information That Company Collects
(a)	Limited Collection
Generally, any content you create using the Mobile App is stored locally on your mobile device and Company does not collect your personal information in connection with your use of the Mobile App (for example, no usernames, passwords or other login information or personal information are required to use the Mobile App). However, Company may collect information under limited circumstances as described in this Privacy Policy.
(b)	Information You Provide
You may be asked to voluntarily give your personal information to Company when you interact with Company (including when you contact Company for customer support, “like” a social media page about Company or otherwise communicate with Company). By providing Company with your personal information, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of that information by Company in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and on reasonable notice to Company, but then you might not be able to proceed with your intended interactions with Company or otherwise receive the full benefit of Company’s services.
If you give Company the personal information of another individual in connection with your use of Company’s products or services, then you are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws, including obtaining the individual’s valid consent, regarding your collection and disclosure of the personal information to Company and to Company’s use, disclosure and retention of the personal information.
(c)	Automated Collection
Company may receive automatically collected information regarding your use of the Mobile App, such as the dates and times that you use the Mobile App, the browsers, operating systems, software and devices that you use to use the Mobile App and details of your use of the Mobile App.
Generally, the information automatically collected by technological means is non-personal information (because the information does not identify you), and Company will deal with that non-personal information as explained below in this Privacy Policy unless applicable law requires otherwise.
3.	How Company Uses Personal Information
Company uses your personal information collected by Company for purposes relating to or arising from your relationship and transactions with Company and as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or permitted by applicable law, including: (i) to administer your relationship with Company and to contact and correspond with you regarding those matters; (ii) to provide services (such as customer support) to you; (iii) to process and respond to your inquiries, requests and other communications; (iv) to provide you with information (including by email and other electronic messages) regarding Company and services, to the extent permitted by applicable law and if requested by you; (v) to improve Company’s products and services and to develop new products and services; and (vi) to protect and enforce Company’s legal rights, interests and remedies and to protect the businesses, operations and customers of Company or other persons.
4.	How Company Discloses Personal Information
(a)	General
Company discloses your personal information for purposes relating to or arising from your relationship and transactions with Company and as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or permitted by applicable law.
(b)	Specific Consents
Company may disclose your personal information in accordance with express or implied consents that you give during your interactions and transactions with Company.
(c)	Suppliers and Service Providers
Company may disclose your personal information to Company’s suppliers and service providers to assist Company in the provision of information, products and services to you, to provide services to Company, to assist Company to use your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
(d)	Law Enforcement/Legal Disclosures
Company may disclose your personal information as required or authorized by applicable law, including to comply with a subpoena, warrant or court or arbitral order or litigation disclosure obligation. Company may disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies or other independent organizations if Company reasonably believes the disclosure is necessary or appropriate in connection with national security, law enforcement or other issues of public importance, or if Company reasonably believes the disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect and enforce the Company’s legal rights, interests and remedies or to protect the rights, interests, business, operations or customers of Company or other persons (including to detect and prevent fraud and other illegal activities, enforce any of the terms of use, terms of service or other agreements that govern access to or use of any of the Company’s products or services). Company has no control over, or responsibility or liability for, the use, disclosure or retention of your personal information by the agencies, independent organizations or other persons to whom Company discloses the information in the foregoing circumstances, and the use, disclosure and retention of the disclosed information by those agencies, independent organizations or other persons is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
5.	Retention of Personal Information
If Company collects your personal information, Company will retain that personal information for the period reasonably necessary for the purposes set out or referenced in this Privacy Policy and to comply with Company’s legal obligations or enforce or protect Company’s legal rights, or a longer period required or permitted by applicable law. Company will delete or dispose of your personal information, or depersonalize the information, when Company is no longer reasonably required to retain the personal information for the purposes set out or referenced in this Privacy Policy.
6.	Protection of Personal Information
If Company collects your personal information, Company will use reasonable safeguards – including administrative, physical and technical security and safeguarding measures – appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in Company’s possession or under Company’s control to help protect the information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, deletion or similar risks. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and Company cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be accessed, used, disclosed or deleted in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
7.	Accuracy and Access to Personal Information
You may reasonably request access to your personal information collected by Company and information about Company’s use, disclosure and retention of that personal information by submitting a written request to Company’s Privacy Officer using the contact information noted above and at the end of this Privacy Policy. Subject to applicable exceptions and limitations prescribed by applicable law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information and you will be entitled to verify the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and to have the information revised as appropriate. You may be required to pay a reasonable fee for access to your personal information. Company may decline to process a request that is unreasonably repetitive, frivolous, vexatious or impracticable, that infringes or jeopardizes the privacy of other persons, or for other reasons permitted by applicable law.
8.	Non-Personal Information
Company creates and collects non-personal information (information that is not about an identifiable individual), including personal information that has been aggregated or otherwise depersonalized so that the information no longer relates to an identifiable individual. Company may use, disclose, transfer and retain non-personal information for any purpose and in any manner whatsoever. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, then Company will treat the combined non-personal information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy for as long as the non-personal information is combined with personal information.
9.	Other Websites and Businesses, Social Media
The Mobile App may include advertisements for products and services offered by independent businesses or links to or include services, features or functionalities provided by third party businesses. Company has no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites, online services or businesses, their products or services, or their collection, use, disclosure or retention of your personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information by those websites, online services and independent businesses. If you have questions about how those websites, online services or independent businesses collect, use, disclose or retain personal information, please contact the owner or operator of the website, service or business.
When you use certain aspects of Company’s Mobile App or other services, or post information to other social networking sites (e.g. there may be links to Company’s Facebook page or you may be able to “like” the Mobile App on your Facebook account), the personal information that you post or share in connection with these third party sites is visible to other persons and can be read, collected, used and disclosed by other persons, including to send unsolicited messages. Any information provided to such third party social networking sites and other sites is governed by their own privacy policies, which you may read on the applicable site. You are solely responsible for the personal information that you choose to post or share in those situations. Company has no control over, or responsibility or liability for, the use, disclosure and retention of the personal information that you disclose in those situations, and the use, disclosure and retention of the disclosed information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
10.	Other Matters
(a)	App Store Operators:  If you wish to obtain a copy of the Mobile App from an online app store operated by an unaffiliated third party (such as Google), then you will be required to disclose your personal information to the app store operator in order to download a copy of the Mobile App. Company has no control over, or responsibility or liability for, the collection, use, disclosure, retention and deletion of your personal information by any app store operator. Each app store operator’s use, disclosure, retention and deletion of your personal information are governed by the app store operator’s own privacy policy (not this Privacy Policy).
(b)	Disclaimers, Liability Exclusions/Limitations and Disputes:  The agreements (including the Voice Recorder Plus Pictures 2 Free End User License Agreement) that you accept when you apply, register for, order or use Company’s products or services contain important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting or excluding the liability of Company and other persons (including service providers) and provisions determining the applicable law and jurisdiction for the resolution of disputes. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of those provisions applies to any dispute that may arise in relation to this Privacy Policy or Company’s collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information, and are of the same force and effect as if they were reproduced directly in this Privacy Policy. Nothing in this Privacy Policy amends any of those other agreements.
(c)	Changes to this Policy:  Company may change this Privacy Policy as it applies to Company from time to time by posting a new version of this Privacy Policy on the Mobile App. Company’s collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at that time. Your continued dealings with Company after any change to this Privacy Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information as set out in the changed Privacy Policy. Accordingly, you should check the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy (at the top of this Privacy Policy) and review any changes since the last version.
(d)	English Language:  You and Company have each expressly requested and required that this Privacy Policy and all other related documents be drawn up in the English language. Les parties conviennent et exigent expressement que cette Politique de Confidentialité et tous les documents qui s’y rapportent soient rédigés en anglais.
(e)	Contacting Company’s Privacy Officer:  If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or how Company deals with your personal information, please contact Company’s Privacy Officer by email to beausoftwareltd.tldl@gmail.com.

________________________________________________________________________

